IssueStack

1) i want to use customer service class so that vip and regular customer dont' directly access menu services - resolved

2) i want a universal authenticator but it is clashing with my idea of customer service class - resolved

3) orderitem to be implemented - unresolved
4) if we pass customerService as an argument in constructor, then in data initiliser class we have to pass this too many times, and how will we even pass it? - resolved
and everytime i create a user during runtime, how would this work then?
5) how to correctly use menuService and customerService
6) whether menuservice should also be a global(like only one instance for all functions) - resolved

7) to implement createOrder
8) to implement placeOrder
9) to implement viewOrderHistory

10) I want automatic logout when user converts to VIP, instead of asking him logout manually.
11) what happens when admin enter wrong orderid?
12) after placing order, customers should be able to see a receipt of the bill(with splitting)
13) when vip view exclusive items, they should be able to order them too from that window itself.
14) vip will see only available exclusive items.
15) vip total should show the discount too, otherwise the final total price wont make sense
16) vip stats not showing.
17) sales report showing zero even after significant sales. resolved
18) to be implemented: When an item is removed, the status of all pending orders containing that item will be updated to
                       ’denied’.
19) Orders should be handled in the order they were received, ensuring fair processing.
20) Orders from VIP customers should be given priority in the order processing flow. You can
    become a VIP by paying a specified amount.
    – Regular: Regular customers’ orders will be processed in the order they are received but will only
    be handled after all VIP orders have been processed.
21) Cancel order: Customers can cancel their orders before they are prepared or processed.
22) – Order history: Customers can view their past orders and re-order previous meals if desired.
22) fried rice != ice cream.
23) Enter the name of item to add to your cart:
    Enter the quantity:
Enter the name of the item to modify:
fried rice
Enter the new quantity:
Enter the new quantity:

water is not premium.
premium items should be added back to back.
track order? how will user know his ordered is cancelled?
removing item cancelling order but what about refund?
// can't add pasta/ why?